# 2022-12-24 16:21:15
The Factory Pattern is harder than I though, it took me about 2 hours to read this part and implement with Go, let alone the extensions such as Pros & Cons, Relation with other Patterns, Application details, etc. But it's quite interesting while using Go to implement my own design. In a way, design patterns is a little bit abstract, it takes a really long period and much development experience to fully understand and use them. Hope I can enjoy the process ~

# 2022-12-24 23:56:23
Difficult the first time, easy the second. Abstract Factory cost me about one hour and a half. I'm a little confused by the difference between Factory Method and Abstract Factory. It seems Abstract Factory is superset of Factory Method, it's a deeper abstraction of Factory & Products, which suits for more complicated business scenarios. The matrix of concrete products impressed me a lot, I wonder if Abstract Factory still works when the matrix includes several blank parts.

# 2022-12-26 15:35:50
My team leader is on leave tody, so I get a lot of time for reading and learning. Builder Pattern is really complex, both understanding and implementing. I think I'm getting fascinated by these fantastic methodology. The process of implementing them on my own is of great fun, hope every developer can feel this fun.

# 2022-12-27 00:10:06
I'm so excited that I made my test program panic! Easy, I've not gone crazy. It's the first time for me to take such a close look at goroutines and threads (in other words, CONCURRENCY) during six months' work experience. At the beginning I just wanna init dbConn several times to prove my 'getInstance()' func is idempotent, then after so many panics I realized that the main program stream won't wait for every 'go func' finishes. So I added sync.Waitgroup to control the sequence of the program. However, my unit test still gone panic. I tried my best to figure out why, but I failed. So I decided to ask my dear team leader tomorrow and keep this mistake as a negative example to remind me of concurrency problems forever ~

# 2022-12-27 17:45:32
Finally I solve the panic of Singleton test with the 'help' of my team leader. The logic of my codes proved correct, while the 'Lock' I used was 'sync.Lock', which is just an interface opened for developers to implement on demand :). And I also learned that 'sync.Once' has already encapsulated all the things I need to do while using Singleton. Whatever, the learning of creational patterns has come to an end temporarily, maybe I'll take an overall review together with structural patterns this weekends. 