# 2023-01-03 23:55:18
After a 3-day journey at DaLian, I think I figured out many things which haunted in my mind these days. I cherish connections with my friends and family, I enjoy experiencing this wonderful world, I long to explore philosophy and literature. Maybe these are the reasons I live. I know this may change over time, but I'm absolutely sure about this at this particular moment, that's enough. 

# 2023-01-05 00:00:15
Work has made me a little bit exhausted lately. Inevitable chaos of the development process are very common when you're working in a start-up company. There are no documents, instructions, examples or anything for a newcomer. The few things you face are unreadable codes, inexplicable target and tight schedule. Sometimes I believe I can handle all these shits, while more often I feel helpless and powerless to this situation. I feel my passion and dedication for work are fading, but thankfully, I still love knowledge, not only technological one.

# 2023-01-10 23:53:13
Inadvertently, I haven't studied properly for 5 days. I'm really worried about the speed of my learning progress and my ability improving. Though there's still lots of time of my coder career, it's too slow for ideals. Whatever, never too late to begin. I intend to finish the learning of design-patterns before Spring Festival and then focus on Algorithms, which plays quite an important role in interviews. Also, I plan to make some really fun projects with Go or Rust. So just keep coding.